<dev>program term corrections (#1268)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/plugins/woocommerce/preferences.en.md

>
> Important
>

> > Do not forget to insert your `integrator_id` to get additional benefits if you are a certified member of our program. Want to be part of our program? Check [this](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/pt/developer-program) to know how to get certified in our products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Do not forget to insert your `integrator_id` to get additional benefits if you are a certified member of our program. Want to be part of our program? Check the [<dev>program official site](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/pt/developer-program) to know how to get certified in our products.
```

Author: Eu tentei, Gosti. Mas o simbolo <> não é reconhecido dentro de uma nota e por isso acabei escrevendo dessa forma. Os meninos abriram um item no backlog para arrumar isso, daí depois de arrumado, a gente reescreve!

Reviewer: Excelente!
